We have started a good start Silport
Galvos will line up from within the report in a battle of the other angle
Also out specifically just below the left and right areas Cosmo sensor is still Shirupoto has stood at the head
Lead the Fifth Petr Garbo Cosmo sensor further in the second place is 2 Umami is clear distinction
Real Impact a God Apollon 2nd Group Goto
Soon after, in the in-course Saddam Patek followed and the 7th Grand Prix boss of the Chudanma group followed
Reto to Donau blue straight
Stone return is the same as the chasing countries but there is no difference 10 of the second San Carlo Soushi
n Angkor's Shark
And the final form I'm yours and 3rd behind is cold active No. 6
artwork
There is one Serina highest peak Fragarach in the first half 600 meters 35 seconds later than last year
Climb up the hills and hills of Shil Island fleeing at a pace, cut 800 and then go downhill
Port battle lead is 1st horse 2nd a God Apollon is up 3rd is Cosmo
The fifth position in line with the sensor galvo is the 5th Fif Suthel immediately after the real impact.
Cut 600 to 4 corners
r He'll have Saddam Patek and behind it is the 7th Grand Prix boss battle, if it is new
I direction in a straight line from the 4 corners curve in the glue to meet that lined the outside
Sill port combat lead Cosmo to 1 Umami second fastest is aiming the meantime a god Apollo
Fourth hand on the sensor sheet Mishima from there bloom Patek
A straight course with a real impact between the parts that Donau Blue is chasing at once
I cut 100
The seal port runs away From that point, the 17th road is driven in, while the Saddam Patek
In addition, Saddam Patek Saddam Patek not allowed Grand Prix bosses
N peaches now Corey Saddam Patek Taketoyo